Deblender first draft (#36)
lsst-pst/pstn-019: deblending.tex

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.48\textwidth]{simple_1D_blend.pdf}
    \caption{A 1D slice of two blended Gaussian sources illustrating how symmetry can be utilized to model blended sources.}
    \label{fig:simple_blend}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.48\textwidth]{complex_1D_blend.pdf}
    \caption{A 1D slice through three aligned Gaussian sources, demonstrating a failure case of relying on symmetry for generating deblender templates. Notice that for sources 2 and 3 the templates are reasonable but due to the inability of source 1 to use symmetry to constrain flux in the blended region, the resulting models for all three sources are poor. This catastrophic "three in a row" problem was part of the motivation for creating \texttt{scarlet} to incorporate spectral information and a more rigorous iterative deblending algorithm.}
    \label{fig:complex_blend}
\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Multi-band Deblending}
\label{sec:multiband_deblending}

> The multi-band deblender is an implementation of the scarlet deblending algorithm described in \cite{2018ascl.soft03003M}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multi-band deblender is an implementation of the scarlet deblending algorithm described in \citet{2018A&C....24..129M}.
```
ie use the formal A&C paper here but you can cite the ascl reference in the software used section in PSTN-019.tex. Also `citet` and `citep` preferred over generic `cite`.

For the science pipelines we ignore those more complicated structures, as detection typically already shreds large galaxies into multiple sources.
Instead we use a signal to noise cut where low flux sources are modeled with a single component and higher flux sources are modeled with two components.

Scarlet lite initializes models with nearly the same templates as those generated by the single-band deblender.
Using a $\chi^2$-like monochromatic image created by weighting each band by its inverse variance, scarlet lite creates initial morphology models that are symmetric from the center in the monochromatic image, with the additional constraint that the flux is monotonically decreasing from the center.
In order to satisfy the constraint that all pixels in the morphology have the same spectrum, scarlet models exist in a partially deconvolved frame with the seeing of a well sampled but narrow Gaussian.
The initial spectrum of each source is determined using a least squares fit of each monochromatic morphology, convolved with the difference kernel in each band to match the image, for each component.

> It then uses proximal-ADAM (PADAM: \cite{Melchior2019}) to iteratively update the spectrum and morphology with the given constraints until convergence or a maximum number of iterations is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then uses proximal-ADAM \citep[PADAM,][]{2019arXiv191010094M} to iteratively update the spectrum and morphology with the given constraints until convergence or a maximum number of iterations is reached.
```
(ie also use the ADS reference for it to be consistent and to make it easier for me to collate things later).
